added template for creating PRs (#2)
Splitify/splitify: .github/pull_request_template.md

<!-- This is a template - do add to or remove from as needed -->
<!-- Please provide a general summary of your changes in the Title above 🚀 -->
## Context

> [Corresponding Pivotal Tracker story](<!-- Copy the story link from Pivotal Tracker -->)

Author: ```suggestion
[Corresponding Pivotal Tracker story](<!-- Copy the story link from Pivotal Tracker -->)

```

ffs missed a new line XD

<!-- This is a template - do add to or remove from as needed -->
<!-- Please provide a general summary of your changes in the Title above 🚀 -->

## Description 💬
<!-- Please describe your changes in detail -->

## How Has This Been Tested? 🖥️

> [](https://<branch>--splitify-preview.netlify.app)

Author: ```suggestion
[Preview](https://<branch>--splitify-preview.netlify.app)
```

## Checklist ✅:
<!-- Go over all the following points, and check all the boxes. -->
- [ ] Added a description of my changes
- [ ] I assigned the story to myself on pivotal tracker before I started working on this
- [ ] Added details of how I tested my changes

> - [ ] Replaced <branch> with the branch we're merging from

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Replaced <branch> with the branch we're merging from
- [ ] Assigned at least two reviewers
```

<!-- This is a template - do add to or remove from as needed -->
<!-- Please provide a general summary of your changes in the Title above 🚀 -->

> 

Reviewer: Add a reference to the user story this PR is for

```suggestion
## Context

<!-- Copy the story link from Pivotal Tracker -->
```

Author: ```suggestion
## Context

[Corresponding Pivotal Tracker story](<!-- Copy the story link from Pivotal Tracker -->)
```

## Description 💬
<!-- Please describe your changes in detail -->

> ## How Has This Been Tested? 🖥️
> [Preview](https://<branch>--splitify-preview.netlify.app)
> 

Reviewer: Netlify will automatically build and post a link to the preview of the current PR. I reckon branch deploy previews aren't critical to include as part of the PR
```suggestion
```

Author: Where does it post the preview link?
I'd kindof like it to be here so that it's really accessible when you're asked to review

Reviewer: @CarlinWilliamson  inside the merge checks, there is a check: `netlify/splitify-preview/deploy-preview — Deploy preview ready! ` - clicking on that will link to the build preview

Author: Oh sweet. 10/10

> ## Checklist ✅:
> <!-- Go over all the following points, and check all the boxes. -->
> - [ ] Added a description of my changes
> - [ ] I assigned the story to myself on pivotal tracker before I started working on this
> - [ ] Added details of how I tested my changes
> - [ ] Replaced <branch> with the branch we're merging from

Reviewer: * Add user story link
* Netlify will automatically build and post a link to the preview of the current PR. I reckon branch deploy previews aren't critical to include as part of the PR

```suggestion
## Checklist ✅:
<!-- Go over all the following points, and check all the boxes. -->
- [ ] I assigned the story to myself on Pivotal Tracker before I started working on this
- [ ] Added a link to the user story context
- [ ] Added a description of my changes
```
